btrfs-progs-ng - Better btrfs userspace tools

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL) as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Individual files are available (at your option) under alternative
licenses as specified in the following copyright statements; refer to
the "SPDX-License-Identifier" comment in each file to see which
license that file is made available under.  The combined work is
effectively under the GPL-3.0-or-later because the terms of the
GPL-2.0 and Apache-2.0 licenses are contradictory (they cannot both be
fulfilled at the same time), but the GPL-3.0 and Apache-2.0 are not;
forcing the "or-later" option on the GPL-2.0-or-later files.

======================================================================

Copyright (C) 2022-2023  Luke Shumaker <lukeshu@lukeshu.com>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

======================================================================

Copyright (C) 2019-2022  Ambassador Labs

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may
obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied.  See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.
